[MRG] DOC: better theme? (#363)
jonescompneurolab/hnn-core: examples/howto/README.txt

How to
------

> These are short examples that show how to use HNN-core API to accomplish something

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are short examples that show how to use HNN-core API to accomplish specific
tasks.
```
